What!
Oops, no more.
Really leave me one.
Gone
Hello Mr. Fan
Hello. Hello.
Uh, let me introduce you to everyone
How about this guy standing next to me?
It is Su Wanqing, the new company president secretary
Applause and welcome
Then let Secretary Su introduce himself
Hello, my name is Su Wanqing.
Now Mr. Fan's secretary
What do you need to connect with Mr. Fan?
You can contact me directly.
Yes, yes, find him
Mr. Fan
The company mentioned to you about recruiting a secretary before.
But you have always disagreed?
No matter how big or small the company is, you do it yourself
What happens now?
Before
I feel like I can handle everything else
But then I thought it was too tiring to be alone
I will ask Secretary Su to help me share the burden.
Secretary Nasu
You must live up to our expectations, Mr. Fan
Haha, yes, yes.
All right, let's get to work.
Okay, okay.
Mr. Chen, wait a minute
Because I need to work for Mr. Fan now
So please trouble various departments in half an hour
The work content responsible for the past six months
Hand it over to Mr. Fan's office
What are you doing?
The secretary came in slippers today, right?
Everyone cooperates with Secretary Su's work
Except for me in the company
Just listen to Secretary Su for other big and small things
Does Mr. Fan have anything else to explain?
Well, it should be out of stock for the time being, right?
Then let's work hard, eh?